J is failing to honor its own obligation
to prevent genocide or to ensure respect
of international humanitarian law
Nicaragua is also requesting the court
to order that Germany to cease providing
support to Israel against campaign of
destruction of the Palestinian people
Germany cannot invoke that Israel is in
some state of necessity of his
assistance for his defense and
survival in spite of its size and
population Israel is on the top 10% of
the most militarily powerful countries
in the world this per capita expense is
more than four times larger than that of
Germany it is even higher than that of
the United States German companies
involved in the military industry are
directly profiting from the situation as
they have seen their share prices rise
since 7
October